NEXT RELEASE:

1) new stuff
    a) Implement new xml config
            i) Add delete buttons, get them to work
                a) Delete will somehow need to remove from the list.  It must also be clever e.g:
                    i) Reset all widgets for current position, then remove from the vbox

                    then when adding:
                    i) Iterate through widget list and search for a empty entry
                    ii) If empty one found use that (add to the vbox)
                    iii) If no empty's found, create a new one and add to vbox

            ii) final cleanup/testing (with valgrind)
    b) sort all the localisation strings
    c) check out remaining thing in popfunc and imapfunc (see TODO)

2) Compile/test on win32
    a) Compile rest of plugins and test
    b) Use Nullsoft scriptable installer as an installer and test.
    c) Make sure GtkStatusIcon stuff is correct.
    d) Sort out error/warnings in src/*.c.  Should probably use err_dlg, or warn_dlg unless GTK is not running, then report in text mode.

3) Test with valgrind:
    valgrind needs to be run as follows:

    G_SLICE=always-malloc G_DEBUG=gc-friendly valgrind --leak-check=full --error-limit=no

    NOTE: currently g_module_open() dlopen() are reporting errors, need to investigate this
    (e.g write small app that calls dlopen to check whether problem is specific to mailtc)

    a) everything plugin related
    b) the message list/header adding
    c) config file reading/writing
    d) pop stuff
    e) filter stuff
    f) localisation stuff
    g) connection error stuff
    h) run command on new mail stuff
    i) IMAP stuff.  NOTE mark as read stuff needs full heavy testing.
    j) With/without message list disabled
    k) All stuff relating to the docklet and tooltip
    l) config dialog ref counting: we really need to check that everything is being alloc'ed/free'd ok.
    m) docklet stuff; see docklet1 and docklet2 test scripts

WISH LIST TASKS:
1) Improve plugin architecture so that it is possible to have plugin specific options in config dialog. This would likely mean reworking all the filter stuff.
2) Threading, allowing reading (click) when checking new mail (big job).
3) Proxy server option?
4) Extend the stuff that can be used for the mail command ($ stuff)
